hey there guys look here with the outer
of your review I hope you're all doing
well today for this episode we are
taking a look at a sleeping bag liner
from banggood.com now in the past I've
shown off some items from banggood.com
namely the lanterns I believe there were
16 LED lanterns that do a fantastic job
very good quality very inexpensive and
you know I'm continuing to work with
this company checking out some of the
gear and we happen to have a sleeping
bag liner interesting go ahead and get
comfortable guys we'll take a look at it
now so to begin with let's just take a
look at this sleeping bag liner that is
very very small very very compact very
nice form factor now for me personally
in the winter I'd rather have a sleeping
bag that goes down to the temperature
that I need and not have to bring an
additional liner but you know if you
want to extend the temperature rating of
your sleeping bag that's something that
you definitely can do with a liner such
as this but in the summer time I like to
go as lightweight as possible and
certainly a sleeping bag liner a good
mid weight fleece such as this might
just be the ticket we'll have to test it
out and see the weight of this liner is
1.4 pounds so for the average individual
that's lighter than their sleeping bag
we might as well take it out of this
stuff set here take a look at it let me
show it off to you now these do come in
two colors green and navy blue this is
the navy blue of course this is what I
would call a mid weight fleece and the
quality is really really good on this
this is very very nice very very soft it
does have a draw cord string at the top
I'll go ahead and lay this down on the
ground so you guys can see it so here my
friends is the liner itself all folded
out
this is roughly 67 inches long and 29
inches wide like I said this is a Midway
place you do have one zipper that's on
the side that goes all the way down to
the end and then all the way over so you
are able to use this essentially as a
blanket which I do like so I'm go ahead
here and hop in I'll go ahead and zip it
up so you guys can see what it looks
like so here we go
definitely big enough for me but I am a
short guy so my people go in I can have
this right up to my neck with a little
bit of extra material to spare and I
have to say that I like it to be honest
with you
the fleece feels great and you can
definitely move around in it if you need
to yeah not bad at all guys now we'll go
ahead sit this back up I'll roll it up
for you guys just so you can see how
easy it is
as you can see they're very small
form-factor just a little bit bigger
than a Nalgene bottle and then you can
put it into the stuff sack and you're
ready to go as I mentioned this product
is being offered through banggood.com
you will find a link in the description
box below it is made by desert fox and
the quality of this seems very very good
so far now of course I have to say that
I do not know what the temperature
rating of this is this is marketed as a
sleeping bag liner but on the website
there's no details on how much and
actually would add to your sleeping bag
so really that's up in the air who knows
now my plan is to use this this summer
basically all by itself it's a very
small form-factor it's very lightweight
certainly lighter than sleeping bags
your typical sleeping bag I should say
now for me personally when it comes to
sleeping bags they're kind of like a
necessary evil I like them but I don't
necessarily like the feel of them
against my skin I have always preferred
blankets mainly fleece blankets so for
me this may be the ticket for an awesome
summer worth of camping not only is it
very very functional but you can use it
as you know kind of seal yourself up in
it you can use it as a blankets you can
sit the thing up and put it over top of
you so you can have that double layer
fleece warm now it's time to go over the
stats for this sleeping bag liner made
by desert fox you can buy this for 1978
on banggood website this is a polar
fleece material as I mentioned they come
in two colors navy blue and green and
the weight is only 1.4 pounds in its
compressed State you're looking about 7
inches wide and about 11 inches long so
definitely very very small so my friends
for this episode of the outdoor gear
review thank you so much for watching in
the future you guys
we'll see this with some of the power
next overnight adventures this is
definitely going into testing I love
products like this
I love fleece blankets like I said so if
I can get away from using a sleeping bag
during the summer months I would
definitely be a whole lot more
comfortable so as we go to the next
couple of months we will see how she
performs if you guys have any questions
for me please feel free drop me a line
I'll do my very best to address them
make sure to LIKE comment share
subscribe all that good stuff and if
you're curious about one of these
there's a link in the description box
guys everyone he will take care